Danny Nucci as Sanford Motta: An arrogant assault detective who looks down on rookies.[12]
Shawn Christian as Jeremy Hawke: Nolan's former training officer at the academy who goes rogue.[13]
Joelle Carter as Megan Mitchell: Jeremy's ex-wife who is fighting with him over custody of their son Logan.[13]
Niko Nicotera as Carson Miller: Isabel's former boyfriend and a drug dealer.[14][15]
Jose Pablo Cantillo as Franco DeSantis: A drug dealer who steals money from a drug bust after being tipped off.[16]
Beau Garrett as Denise: A woman whom Nolan rescues on Valentine's Day, who has an unhealthy obsession with him.
Sean Maher as Caleb Jost: A prisoner who escapes from a prison bus crash but is later apprehended by Nolan, Talia, and Jessica.
Mario Lopez as himself: A celebrity pulled over by Tim and Lucy for running a stop sign who tries to talk his way out of a ticket as part of an integrity test by Internal Affairs.[17]
Joel McHale as Brad Hayes: A former border patrol officer who smuggles people for a cartel and is under the protective detail of Tim and Nolan.[18]
Ashley Argota as Bella: A woman arrested by Tim and Lucy.
Jim Lau as Patrick Chen: Lucy Chen's father, who is injured by one of his patients and forced to go to the hospital. He later has an argument with Lucy regarding the LAPD's handling of mental health cases.
will.i.am as himself: A celebrity who appears when a silent alarm is tripped at his residence, caused by a man who accidentally parachuted into the wrong yard and became stuck in a tree.
Stephen Lang as Trent Williams: The LAPD chief of police. He administers the oral exam to Nolan, Lucy, and Jackson during their midterm exam.
Felicia Day as Dr. Morgan: A CDC task-force specialist in infectious diseases.[19]
Mark Cuban as himself: A celebrity who appears when Nolan and Grey respond to a disturbance at his restaurant.
Mitch Pileggi as Rex: A bounty hunter and retired LAPD officer. He is good friends with Tim.
Seamus Dever as Chaz Bachman: A lawyer who is arrested by Nolan and Lopez for buying drugs.[20]
Jon Huertas as Alejandro Mejia / Cesar Ojeda: An undercover DHS agent who is compromised and nearly killed by two assailants seeking information from him.[20]
Lauren Tom as Mrs. Chen: Lucy Chen's mother, who comes to stay at her apartment briefly after arguing with Lucy's father.
Eric Weddle as himself: An NFL player who appeared during a Los Angeles Rams junior football camp. He was a high school football adversary of Tim's.[21]
Robert Woods as himself: An NFL player who appeared during a Los Angeles Rams junior football camp.[21]
Alan Tudyk as Elroy Basso: An employee of the LAPD who helps clean up crime scenes. He and Nolan later apprehend a group of criminals when they return to the scene of a crime. He is later seen to be in a relationship with Nell Forester.[22]
Michael Cassidy as Caleb Wright: A man Lucy meets at a bar who later turns out to be a serial killer and Rosalind Dyer's associate.[23]
Pete Davidson as Pete Nolan: John Nolan's half-brother, whom he meets following their father's death.[24]
Seth Green as Jordan Neil: A man who steals Nolan's identity, causing his credit score to go down.[25]
Greg Grunberg as Larry "Badger" Macer: A former LAPD officer who was released after he misfired his gun during his first roll call. He is now a sergeant with the railroad police.
Roselyn Sánchez as Valerie Castillo: An ambitious reporter.
Bailey Chase as Michael Banks: A DEA agent who assists Nolan and Harper during a drug raid.
Don Swayze as Sharp: A prison guard at the California Correctional Facility who assists Nolan and Harper during a riot.
Hannah Kasulka as Erin Cole: A rookie officer who is later revealed to be a dirty cop working for the Derians and who is shot dead by Armstrong.
Christopher O'Shea as Chris Rios: A rookie officer who is fatally shot by Serj Derian, leaving Jackson devastated as the two had been close friends.
Armin Shimerman as Judge Paloma: The on-call judge who approves the warrant for Nolan's arrest during the third season.
Frances Fisher as Evelyn Nolan: John Nolan's overbearing and manipulative mother.
Frankie Muniz as Corey Harris: A former child actor who now runs a cult.
Skyler Samuels as Charlotte Luster: Corey's childhood co-star and friend.
Rainn Wilson as himself: A celebrity who owns the mummified body of Charlie Chaplin and is interviewed by a true crime documentary.
Molly Quinn as Ashley: The daughter of prisoner Oscar Hutchinson, who is a person of interest in a kidnapping case.
Katy O'Brian as Katie Barnes: A new rookie in the LAPD who is a war veteran. Tim is assigned as her training officer, but she later resigns from the job.
Emily Deschanel as Sarah Nolan: Nolan's ex-wife and mother to their son Henry.
Kyle Secor as Sam Taggart: A DEA special agent assigned to the La Fiera case.
Joshua Malina as Max: A man with ties to U.S. intelligence.
Tricia Helfer as Claire Ivey: A master thief whom Angela Lopez was after for five years but was unable to capture.
Kathryn Prescott as Katerina Antonov / Linda Charles: A Russian FSB case officer who went rogue and was planning to kill all the men involved in a drone strike that killed her brother.
Piper Curda as Billie Park: A drug mule who was arrested by Jackson and Lucy when she attempted to flee during a rolling stop.
Peter Onorati as Jerry McGrady: A police officer who rides his final shift with Tim before finally retiring after 43 years of service.
Helena Mattson as Ashley McGrady: Jerry McGrady's daughter. She is a lifeguard who has a brief relationship with Tim.
James Remar as Tom Bradford: Tim and Genny Bradford's alcoholic and abusive father.
Eric Winter and Melissa O'Neil as Jake Butler and Sava Wu, a drug trafficker and his girlfriend who are the doppelgängers of Tim and Lucy, consequently nicknamed "Dim" and "Juicy" by the other. Tim and Lucy go undercover as them to take down a drug operation.
Tamala Jones as Yvonne Thorsen: Aaron Thorsen's wealthy mother. She is trying to publicize his life as a police officer.
Thomas Dekker as Jeffrey Boyle / Eli Reynolds: An acolyte of Rosalind Dyer.
Kelly Clarkson as herself
Kyle Schmid as Noah Foster: An undercover detective who was a classmate of Lucy's.
Preeti Desai as Charlie Bristow: A private security agent hired by Wesley.
Nisalda Gonzalez as Daylin Morales: The girlfriend of Abril Rodas and first lieutenant of the Malos Dorales under her leadership.
Lance Bass as himself
Jake Tapper as himself
David Dastmalchian as Ray Watkins: A former member of Tim's army squad who betrayed him in the past.
Neil Hopkins as Eric Ramsey: An enigmatic businessman and criminal.
Jimmy Gonzales as Malvado: A hitman who is trying to kill Jason Wyler.
Noel Fisher as Harrison Novak: A serial killer.
Maria Zhang as Kylie Thomas: A friend of James who is being targeted by the Sixth Street Devils gang.
Cooper Manning as himself
Beckett Hawley as Dash: A teenager who is skilled with cameras and drones.
Sela Ward as Joy Bradford: Tim and Genny's mother, from whom Tim concealed his divorce from Isabel and his relationship with Lucy.
Charles Michael Davis as Dr. Oliver Ashton: A doctor at St. Stephens Hospital whom Luna admits to Wade she is having emotional feelings for.
Michael Nouri as Pierre: Aaron's personal jeweler, who helps Tim pick out an engagement ring for Lucy.